Go ahead. Thanks, Travis. So Q4 of 25 was an interesting quarter in a couple of respects. On the auto's front, while in Q3, we saw a surge in U.S. demand before the IRA consumer credit cliff, pulling in some demand from Q4. In other parts of the world, we saw increase in demand leading to record deliveries in smaller countries like Malaysia, Norway, Poland, Saudi Arabia, and Taiwan, while continued strength in the rest of APAC and EMEA. We therefore ended 2025 with a bigger backlog than in recent years. Note that none of these countries have the latest version of FSD supervised available yet. On the storage front, we had yet another record in terms of deployments, I would like to thank our customers and Tesla in continuing this momentum. On the automotive margins front, automotive margins excluding credits improved sequentially from 15.4% to 17.9%. The automotive gross profit was flat sequentially despite 16% lower deliveries, primarily due to regional mix as we had proportionately more deliveries in APAC and EMEA. As we look to 2026, with the progress that has been made with autonomy, our focus is on ramping production at all our factories. Our biggest constraint globally continues to be on the battery pack front. While our teams have been creative in trying to resolve the situation by now putting 4680 cells in non-structural packs, we continue to iterate, improving things from here on. FSD adoption continued to improve in the quarter, reaching nearly 1.1 million paid customers globally. Of these, nearly 70% were upfront purchases. It is important to note that beginning this quarter, we are transitioning fully to a subscription-based model for FSD. Therefore, net additions to this figure will primarily be via subscription model and in the short term will impact automotive margins. On the energy front, we achieved yet another record in terms of gross profit for the quarter and ended the year with nearly $12.8 billion in revenue, a 26.6% year-over-year growth. This was the result of high deployments in all regions and continued strength in demand for both Megapack and Powerwall. As we look at 2026, our backlog remains strong, well diversified globally, and we expect increasing deployments with the launch of Megapack 3 and MegaBlock. However, we expect margin compression from the increased low-cost competition, impacts to market from policy uncertainty, and the cost of tariffs. Services and others margin declined from 10.5% to 8.8%, primarily from higher employee-related costs for service centers as we start preparing for the ramp in activity from the growth in the fleet size. We did see a momentum in margin. We did see an improvement in margin from our supercharging business, which is included within services and others. Additionally, note that our robo-taxi business related costs, while not material, are also included within this. Given that we're still in the early phase of our fleet deployment and are still doing a lot of validation testing, the revenue and cost per mile metrics are not meaningful to discuss at the moment. Then on total gross margin front, you know, we ended the quarter with over 20.1%, something which we haven't achieved over the last two years. This improvement came despite the impact of lower fixed cost absorption and the impact of tariffs, which were in excess of $500 million in Q4. Operating expenses increased sequentially, primarily from increased stock-based compensation, for employees, and as we started recording charges for one operational milestone under our 2025 CA Performance Award that was deemed to be probable over the long term. Additionally, our spend on AI-related initiatives and new products like CyberCab, Semi, Optimus, and MegaPrac, etc., continues to be on elevated levels, and we expect this trend to continue for the full year, 2026. Net income was negatively impacted from mark-to-market charges on a Bitcoin holding, which depreciated 23% as compared to the last quarter. And the impact of unfavorable impact of FX, primarily from our large intercompany borings. On the free cash flow front, we ended up at $1.4 billion. You know, we did end up CapEx being slightly below our previous guidance of $9 billion. But like, as Elon already mentioned, this year is going to be a huge investment year from a CapEx perspective. And at the moment, we are expecting that CapEx would be in excess of $20 billion. You know, we'll be paying for six factories, namely the refinery, LFP factories, cyber cab, semi, a new mega factory, the Optimus factory. On top of it, we'll also be spending money for building our AI compute infrastructure, and we'll continue investing in our existing factories to build more capacity. And then, you know, also the related infrastructure along with it. And we'll also further expand our fleet of Robotaxi and Optimus. While this may seem a lot, we believe this is the right strategy to position the company for the next era. And we'll make such investments, as Enal mentioned, in a very capital-efficient manner. Note that this does not include potential investments in solar cell manufacturing or our TerraFab, as we're still in early phase, and we plan to provide an update in future quarters. We're starting not the next chapter, but a new book on the progression of this company. 2026 year would be when all of this began. While at times it feels daunting, it is going to be the most exciting change in Tesla's history, and we could not have even dreamed of embarking on this journey without the support of our customers and our investors. Thanks for again showing the confidence in us, and let's get ready for a future of amazing abundance. Thanks.